---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Configuration

Conveyor CI provides ways to configure its behavior and also ensure its secure.

Conveyor CI can be configured via the `conveyor.yml` configuration file. This file is generates using the `conveyor init` command and configures the behaviour of the Conveyor CI API Server.

When you install the conveyor ci for the first time. You need to run the `init` command to initialize the program configuration files, certificates and setup necessary directories. You can run always run the `conveyor init --help` command to see what configuration flags can be used to customize the behaviour of this command.

## The `conveyor.yml` file

The `conveyor.yml` file is used to configure the system. It contains the following configurations in `yaml` format:

- `api.port`: It stores the prots at which the API server should listen. Defaults to 8080.
- `api.auth_enabled`: A boolean value that is used to anable or disable authentication. Defaults to `false`
- `api.data`: Chooses what directory that Conveyor CI data should be stored it.
- `nats.port`: Determines the port that NATS(the event broker) should listen to.
- `tls.ca`: Stores the directory of the CA Cetrificate used in AUthentication.
- `tls.key`: Stores the directory of the Private Key Cetrificate used in AUthentication.
- `tls.cert`: Stores the directory of the Server Certificate used in AUthentication.

Its often looks similar to this

```yml
# Conveyor CI Configuration
# Generated by 'conveyor init'

api:
    port: 8080
    auth_enabled: false
    data: /etc/conveyor

nats:
    port: 4222

tls:
    ca: /etc/conveyor/certs/ca.pem
    key: /etc/conveyor/certs/server.key
    cert: /etc/conveyor/certs/server.crt
```
